Run `python3 dev/update_changelog.py --prev-version 2.2...` (#15129)
mlflow/mlflow: CHANGELOG.md

# CHANGELOG

## 2.21.2 (2025-03-26)

> MLflow 2.21.2 includes several major features and improvements
> 
> Small bug fixes and documentation updates:
> 
> #15124, @B-Step62; #15061, @TomeHirata

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MLflow 2.21.2 is a patch release that introduces minor features and bug fixes.

- Fix connection exhausting when exporting traces to Databricks (#15124, @B-Step62)
- Add logging of result table for DSPy optimizer tracking (#15061, @TomeHirata)
```
